# Tester_Stack_VS_Queue

Author: Katarzyna Miałkowska

## Contents ##

1) generator.cxx
- Generates random output for stack.x, stdstack.x, queue.x, stdqueue.x in the range [0; 1000000] and commands in the range [0; 2], where 0 -> 'A' -> push, 1- > 'S' -> pop, 2 -> 'D' -> size.
The program can also accept one argument that predetermines the number of commands to be executed.
2) stack.hxx
- Implementation of the circular stack, the maximum size of which has been set at 1,000,000. 
2) stack.cxx
- The program loads the input data generated by the generator. It then handles the stack implementation from stack.hxx. 
3) stdstack.cxx
- The program loads the input data generated by the generator. Then it handles stack implementations from std :: stack.
4) queue.hxx
- Implementation of a queue, the maximum size of which has been set at 1,000,000. 
5) queue.cxx
- The program loads the input data generated by the generator. It then handles the given queue implementation from queue.hxx.
6) stdqueue.cxx
- The program loads the input data generated by the generator. It then handles the queue implementations of std :: queue.
7) Makefile
- Includes program compilations and tester implementations
8) generator_overflow.cxx
- Generates "push ()" operations to trigger a stack overflow event. Serves the tester. 
9) generator_underflow.cxx
- Generates "pop()" operations to trigger a stack underflow event. Serves the tester.

## Makefile ##

- To compile all programs, execute:
 make all
- To clear the contents of unnecessary files, execute:
make clean
- To run all tests, you execute: 
make test

## Makefile Tester ##

-Tester compares in four steps stack.hxx implementations with std::stack and queue.hxx with std::queue. 
Additionally, it compares the output files of the programs.

*First stage*
- Generate a random number of times operations and random commands
- compare stack.x with std::stack:
make test_stack_1
- compare queue.x with std::queue:
make test_quene_1

*Second stage*
- Generate the operation given in the argument n times and random commands
- compare stack.x with std::stack by comparing the time:
make test_stack_2
- compare queue.x with std::queue:
make test_quene_2

*Third stage*
- Generate the push operation specified in the argument 1000001 times
- compare stack.x with std::stack by comparing the time
make test_stack_3
- compare queue.x with std::queue
make test_quene_3

*Fourth stage*
- Generate a random number of pop operations
- compare stack.x with std::stack by comparing the time:
make test_stack_4
- compare queue.x with std::queue:
 make test_queue_4
